README.md, before:

# Automated Smart Home Full Deployer on {Pi + NVMe}

This project provides a ready-to-use, automated deployment of a complete smart home system on a Raspberry Pi 5 with NVMe. It sets up all essential services so you can have an operational smart home. It includes a local storage server Nextcloud and a local proxy Squid for automated and securized updates of services.

---

## Key Features

- **Firewall & security** — UFW, secure defaults, SSL support guidance
- **Docker & Docker Compose** — containerized, reproducible deployment
- **Squid Proxy** — caching and access control
- **Nextcloud** — personal cloud, file sync, and media storage  
- **Home Assistant** — IoT automation hub for managing devices and scenes  
- **Mosquitto MQTT broker** — central hub for ESP devices and sensors  
- **ESPHome** — easy configuration for ESP-based devices  


---

## How to install

1. **Boot your Raspberry Pi** from SD card with NVMe plugged.  
2. **Run the installation script**: it detects the NVMe, formats it if necessary, and copy the OS from SD card, Docker, and all services.  
3. **Configuration is automatic**, including firewall, Docker containers, and essential services.  

At the end, you will have lists of passwords for some services and certificates for Nextcloud and Home Assistant to import in your browser.

> Optional: future versions may support other services, services selection and **network-based detection and automated deployment** with other devices.

Commit message:

Revise README with updated project details and instructions
Updated project description and installation instructions for clarity and added future features section.

README.md, after:

# Automated Smart Home Full Deployer on {Pi + NVMe}

This project provides a deployment of a complete smart home system on a Raspberry Pi 5 with NVMe. It sets up an optimized partitioning system for Ubuntu Server LTS and domotic projects using ML and AI features.

---


## How to install
1. Flash the SD card with the Ubuntu Server LTS OS.
2. Place the unzip folder in the root of the SD card.
3. Plug the SD card with the NVMe connected to the Pi 5 with an adapter.
4. Launch the Pi to boot on the SD card and deploy automatically the solution on the NVMe.
5. Connect to the Pi by SSH and execute the following command to see if the setup of the NVMe is done.
6. If done, shutdown the Pi with `sudo poweroff` and unplugged the SD card.
7. Now you're ready to boot on the NVMe and connect to the Pi.


---


## Future Features

- **Auto-deployment of services** :
    - **Firewall & security** — UFW, secure defaults, SSL support guidance
    - **Docker & Docker Compose** — containerized, reproducible deployment
    - **Squid Proxy** — caching and access control
    - **MinIO & Nextcloud** — personal cloud, file sync, and media storage  
    - **Home Assistant** — IoT automation hub for managing devices and scenes  
    - **Mosquitto MQTT** — central hub for ESP devices and sensors  
    - **ESPHome** — easy configuration for ESP-based devices  

---
